Document missing CAxxxx rules (#27885)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/code-analysis/quality-rules/ca2258.md

---
title: "CA2258: Providing a 'DynamicInterfaceCastableImplementation' interface in Visual Basic is unsupported"
description: "Learn about code analysis rule CA2258: Providing a 'DynamicInterfaceCastableImplementation' interface in Visual Basic is unsupported"
ms.date: 01/19/2022
ms.topic: reference
f1_keywords:
- CA2258
- DynamicInterfaceCastableImplementationAnalyzer
helpviewer_keywords:
- DynamicInterfaceCastableImplementationAnalyzer
- CA2258
author: Youssef1313
---
# CA2258: Providing a 'DynamicInterfaceCastableImplementation' interface in Visual Basic is unsupported

|                                     | Value                                |
| ----------------------------------- | ------------------------------------ |
| **Rule ID**                         | CA2258                               |
| **Category**                        | [Usage](usage-warnings.md)           |
| **Fix is breaking or non-breaking** | Non-breaking                         |

## Cause

Use of <xref:System.Runtime.InteropServices.DynamicInterfaceCastableImplementationAttribute> in Visual Basic.

## Rule description

> Providing a functional 'DynamicInterfaceCastableImplementationAttribute'-attributed interface requires the Default Interface Members feature, which is unsupported in Visual Basic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Providing a functional interface that's attributed with `DynamicInterfaceCastableImplementationAttribute` requires the Default Interface Members feature, which is not supported in Visual Basic.
```
